= Web4 Documentation Portal =


Welcome to the official Web4 documentation.

This wiki contains documentation for the complete Web4 ecosystem, including AI, blockchain, cloud infrastructure, APIs, SDKs, and developer resources.

-----------------------------------------------------------

== Projects ==

* Web4
* QubuHub
* Aura Ecosystem
* Fadaka Blockchain
* GPT-5 Mini
* RODAAI
* NeuroMindAI
* LAMIS

------------------------------------------------------------

== Documentation ==

* Getting Started
* Installation
* Quick Start
* Architecture
* API Reference
* SDK Documentation
* Authentication
* Deployment
* Configuration

------------------------------------------------------------

== Developer Resources ==

* Project Structure
* Coding Standards
* Contributing Guide
* Docker
* CI/CD
* Security

------------------------------------------------------------

== Tutorials ==

* Build Your First AI
* Create an API
* Deploy to Production
* Blockchain Development
* AI Agents
* Model Integration

------------------------------------------------------------

== Reference ==

* CLI Commands
* Environment Variables
* Error Codes
* FAQ
* Changelog

------------------------------------------------------------

== Community ==

* Discussions
* Issues
* Roadmap
* Releases

------------------------------------------------------------
== Web4.0 Wiki ==

Web4.0 is the next-generation web platform for building connected, intelligent, and scalable applications. This wiki is for developers, operators, and contributors working with Web4.0. Use the navigation sections below to find getting started material, detailed documentation, platform and deployment guidance, and support or governance resources as needed.

== Start ==


* [[Home]]
* [[Start]]
* [[Quick Start]]
* [[Install]]
* [[Tutorials]]
* [[a-Examples.com]]

## [[Docs]]

* [[API]]
* [[CLI]]
* [[SDKs]]
* [[Configuration]]
* [[Architecture]]
* [[Structure]]

## [[Platform]]

* [[Authentication]]
* [[Database]]
*[[ Docker]]
*[[ Kubernetes]]
* [[Deployment]]
* [[AI Services]]
* [[Blockchain]]

## [[Support]]

* [[Troubleshooting]]
* [[FAQ]]

## [[Governance]]

* [[Contributing]]
* [[Code of Conduct]]
*[[ Security]]
*[[ Roadmap]]
* [[Changelog]]

### [[Where to Begin]]

* New users should start with Start and Quick Start.
* Contributors should read Contributing and Code of Conduct.
* Operators should begin with Installation, Configuration, and Deployment.

© 2026 Web4 Ecosystem.
